Technology & Science Trivia Questions
What year was the very first model of the iPhone released?
Answer: 2007
What’s the shortcut for the “copy” function on most computers?
Answer: ctrl c
What is often seen as the smallest unit of memory?
Answer: kilobyte
Is Java a type of OS?
Answer: No
Who is often called the father of the computer?
Answer: Charles Babbage
What does “HTTP” stand for?
Answer: HyperText Transfer Protocol
What is the name of the man who launched eBay back in 1995?
Answer: Pierre Omidyar
Which email service is owned by Microsoft?
Answer: Hotmail
Google Chrome, Safari, Firefox, and Explorer are different types of what?
Answer: Web browsers
What was Twitter’s original name?
Answer: twttr




Movies & TV Questions
What is the name of the song that Queen Elsa sings as she builds her ice castle in the movie Frozen?
Answer: Let It Go
How many films did Sean Connery play James Bond in?
Answer: Seven
Which Indiana Jones movie was released back in 1984?
Answer: Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom
How many Lord of the Rings films are there?
Answer: Three
What was the name of the actor who played Jack Dawson in Titanic?
Answer: Leonardo DiCaprio
Which popular TV show featured house Targaryen and Stark?
Answer: Game of Thrones
What was the name of the family who starred in 7th Heaven?
Answer: The Camdens
Which cartoon character lives in a pineapple under the sea?
Answer: Spongebob Squarepants
In what year was the first episode of South Park aired?
Answer: 1997




Auto Trivia Questions
Who is often credited with creating the world’s first car?
Answer: Karl Benz
Which animal can be seen on the Porsche logo?
Answer: Horse
Which companies are part of the Big Three?
Answer: General Motors, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, and Ford Motor Company
Which company owns Bugatti, Lamborghini. Audi, Porsche, and Ducati?
Answer: Volkswagen
Which auto brand was the first to offer seat belts?
Answer: Nash Motors
What does BMW stand for (in English)?
Answer: Bavarian Motor Works
What or who is the Ford Mustang named after?
Answer: A fighter plane from WWII
How many parts (screws and bolts included) does the average car have?
Answer: 30, 000
Which car is often called the first muscle car?
Answer: The Pontiac GTO
In what year was the Corvette introduced?
Answer: 1953

